Readme: how to update final grade for user (#5147)
mitodl/micromasters: grades/README.md

When a learner's fifth and final course certificate is created, it triggers the creation of a program certificate. 
Course certificates are generated every hour (on the hour). If this is too long to wait, use the 
`generate_program_certificates` management command. Each learner can only earn one Program certificate. 

##Sync edx current cached grade and FinalGrade

> It happens that after the grades were frozen, account relinking can occur 
> which results in grades being out of sync, since `FinalGrade` doesn't get updated
> after grades had been frozen.

Reviewer: Slight wording suggestion

```suggestion
Occasionally, a learner's grade may need to be updated manually. One way this 
could happen is if a learner's MITx Online account was linked to their Micromasters 
account after some grades were frozen. This would result in grades being out of sync, 
since `FinalGrade` doesn't get updated after grades had been frozen.
```

```
from django.contrib.auth.models import User
user = User.objects.get(username=username)

> # If you don't know which course_run you need to sinc you can find it here

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# If you don't know which course_run you need to sync you can find it here
```

from courses.models import *
course= Course.objects.filter(title=title).first()
from dashboard.utils import get_mmtrack
mmtrack = get_mmtrack(user, course.program)
from dashboard.api import *
get_info_for_course(course, mmtrack)

# When you know the edx_course_key
edx_course_key='edx-course-key'
course_run = CourseRun.objects.get(edx_course_key=edx_course_key)

# Update the final grade
from grades.api import get_final_grade
edx_grade = get_final_grade(user, course_run)

from grades.constants import *
final_grade, _ = FinalGrade.objects.update_or_create(user=user,course_run=course_run,
    defaults={
        'grade': edx_grade.grade,
        'passed': edx_grade.passed,
        'status': FinalGradeStatus.COMPLETE
})
final_grade.save()

> ```

Reviewer 2: How/is this different from running `freeze_user_final_grade(user, course_run)` ?

(maybe it avoids the issue where an incorrect final grade already exists?)

Author: the freeze_user_final_grade function would not update the existing grade, which of course can be modified. But this code was more intended for trouble shooting the problem manually, checking on the learners grades for the course and seeing if the grade just needs to be updated.
